how
Secretary Jiang is in a hurry to go back.
Nope.
OK
If there's overtime, don't worry.
Boss, our company's overtime pay is 3 times, right?
I'll give you 10 times.
Haha boss atmosphere
Do you only have overtime pay in your eyes?
I don't see overtime pay
Could it be you?
Change
Mr. Gu, let me pour you a cup of tea
This lip
This feeling
Sorry boss
I didn't mean to.
You look a lot like the woman I met at the Langham Club
Really?
Do you have a cloud birthmark on your body?
No, on the night of June 25th.
You've been to Langping. Nice
Neither
If I let you know you're lying
Regret clearly
Miss Lin is not feeling well
If you are not feeling well, can you find a doctor?
Why are you looking for me?
Miss Cocoa Lin has passed out of pain
This person's voice sounds like Xiaoxiao